zbm-builder.sh: Use -d for custom container CLI (#808)
zbm-dev/zfsbootmenu: docs/general/container-building.rst

------------

To build ZFSBootMenu images from a build container, either `podman <https://podman.io>`_ or
`docker <https://www.docker.com>`_ is required. The development team prefers ``podman``, but ``docker`` (or other

> compatible container CLI) may generally be substituted without consequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`docker <https://www.docker.com>`_ is required. The development team prefers ``podman``, but ``docker`` or a
compatible container utility may generally be substituted without consequence.
```
